Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Are you ready to write your confession?
Still nothing?
How many times must we go through this?
Fine.
We will try again another day.
This is an outrage.
A person of my position.
treated like this.
You are not being punished.
Comrade Morozova.
You are being…
rehabilitated.
And how long will that take?
Until you are rehabilitated.
You think I am scared of you?
I was running security at Star City…
when you
were a pimply teenager
fucking the family goat.
We will try again another day.
I have faithfully served my country…
and this is my reward?!
Open up and let me out of here!
I'm glad you've come to your senses.
Your confession will be
well-received in Moscow.
19 months.
Most do not last nearly that long.
What is this?
This is what you will do for me.
What I will do for you?
Semyon Ivanovich Petrikov.
Resident of 26 Valovaya Street.
Son of Lyubov and Ivan.
Brother of Roksana.
You have enemies…
who wish to see you pay
for your crimes in this place.
And I still have friends…
who wish to see me free.
After I am released…
you will never hear from me again.
If you fail to comply and I remain here…
you will find yourself alone in the world.
You will bury your entire family…
and you will be waiting for
a knife in the dark
for the rest of your days.
How…
How do you know about my family?
Who told you about my family?
I believe I am rehabilitated
Comrade Petrikov.
At this week's Party Congress.
President Korzhenko expressed
his displeasure regarding
the illegal Martian data breach
the latest in a series of missteps
by the Governor of Mars.
Leonid Aleksandrovich Polivanov.
Once the heir-apparent to Korzhenko…
many in the Party are now calling into
question his fitness for higher office.
Comrade Bolkonski.
It is an honor to welcome
the Kuragin Corporation to Mars.
I am happy to visit
your cute little colony.
Welcome to Happy Valley. Comrade Morozova.
It has been awhile.
Yes.
It seems we have much to discuss.
I don't like that she's here…
not with me leaving.
I can handle her.
She was Second Directorate in the KGB.
I am aware
of her previous employment. darling.
She was at Star City
the entire time I was there.
But she handles security for Kuragin now.
You never leave the KGB. Lenya.
You know this.
Goodbye. little rabbit.
I will miss you.
Someone has been drinking.
Come on.
You know…
protests are starting on Phoenix now.
They've even found 'Free Mars' graffiti
on the asteroid.
If you can believe it. the asteroid.
We will get through this.
Be strong.
Kiss Mishka for me.
Love you.
What is wrong?
I thought perhaps these protesters
could be reasoned with. but…
they will not listen.
You have allowed things to escalate.
Now the only way to put out this fire
is starve it of oxygen.
Let's hope you've made a wise decision.
For both of our sakes.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm